(docs)Updated meta description (#132)
cohere-ai/cohere-developer-experience: fern/pages/deployment-options/cohere-on-aws/amazon-bedrock.mdx

---
title: Amazon Bedrock
slug: docs/amazon-bedrock
hidden: false
description: >-

>   Get started with Cohere's models on Amazon Bedrock: prerequisites, AWS Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides a guide for using Cohere's models on Amazon Bedrock.```

>   SDK setup, authentication, and code snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
